Adapting installation process to macOS AND Linux (#5307)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/set-up/working-locally.md

# Working with a Local Clone

> To work with a local copy of your site, you'll need to use Windows with a local web server installed (like WebMatrix/IIS). If you're using macOS or Linux based OS, see the [Working with Linux/macOS](working-with-linux-macos.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work with a local copy of your site, you'll need to use Windows with a local web server installed (like WebMatrix/IIS). If you're using macOS or Linux-based operating system, see the [Working with Linux/macOS](working-with-linux-macos.md) article.
```
